Lin's Forestry is arrogant and domineering
Bullying parents
Now you dare to hurt my mother
This revenge will be avenged
Animal death
Such a strong sword qi
That's Aoxue Lin
Isn't he paralyzed?
Aoxue Mountain Aoxue is back
Will you really prove it to me?
break
Chains that bind women
Shut up
i
But a master who has reached the third realm first
No one can rush out the thorn
Aoxue
Dad
Daughter is late
Mother is Aoxue
It's all because of me
Nonsense dad never blamed your dad's heart
My Aoxue is proud
The Dailin family is expensive
Is it our custom not to be together?
Don't worry, Dad won't let you get hurt in any way.
Dad
Your daughter will definitely avenge you
It's all my fault for not stopping them
mother
I don't blame you, our family has become like this
It's all caused by Lin Yan, this beast
Aoxue, you can't beat this beast
Mother help you stop them
Go away, mother, don't worry
He can't hurt me
Today I will avenge you and your father
Killed another one
I don't care how you got up
Anyway, the whole family has to die today
I have a sword
Breaking Sky
Lin Yan, do you dare to take it?